Add changelog for 0.1.0 release (#37)
dgplug/dexer: changelog.md

> Dexer use case is dgplug logs to search a given word in the logs and see where it has been talked about.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Dexer is being used to search a given word in the dgplug logs and see where it has been discussed about.
```
Not a grammar nazi, but it may sound better, :wink:

Contributors
------------

> - Kuntal Majumdar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Kuntal Majumder
```
